Adding dockershim to glossary. (#32950)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/dockershim.md

---
title: Dockershim
id: dockershim
date: 2022-04-15

> full_link: /blog/2022/02/17/dockershim-faq/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either omit the `full_link`, or change it to `/dockershim`.
```

short_description: >

>   Dockershim is a component of Kubernetes v1.23 and earlier, which allows Kubernetes system components to communicate with Docker Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A component of Kubernetes v1.23 and earlier, which allows Kubernetes system components to communicate with Docker Engine.
```

aka:
tags:
- fundamental
---

> Dockershim is a component of Kubernetes version 1.23 and earlier. It allowed Kubernetes system components like kubelet to communicate with {{< glossary_tooltip text="Docker Engine" term_id="docker" >}}.

Reviewer: As this is targeting the _main_ branch, we should write something like:
```suggestion
The dockershim is a component of Kubernetes version 1.23 and earlier. It allows the kubelet
to communicate with {{< glossary_tooltip text="Docker Engine" term_id="docker" >}}.
```

and then file an issue to update this text for the v1.24 release. We should also backport that change to the v1.23 docs after the v1.24 release has happened.

<!--more-->

> Starting with version 1.24, dockershim has been removed from Kubernetes. For more information, see [Dockershim FAQ](/blog/2022/02/17/dockershim-faq).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.24, dockershim has been removed from Kubernetes. For more information, see [Dockershim FAQ](/dockershim).
```

Author: Thanks @chrisnegus . Updated the url.
